Docs: Update stateDB docs (#314)
cirrus-geo/cirrus-geo: docs/src/cirrus/70_statedb.rst

State Database
==============

The state database (stateDB) is a serverless Amazon Web Services (AWS) Dynamo
DB table used by cirrus to track the state of workflows and executions  It is a

> critical of cirrus that ensurse workflow executions and execution state are

Author: committed

properly tracked.  Accurate state management is essential for monitoring
pipeline success, failure, errors, avoiding duplicate workflows, and flagging
invalid payloads.

The stateDB is accessed by cirrus at different stages of workflow execution.

    * ``process`` lambda: acesses the stateDB to check existing states and skip payloads that have successfully completed, and fire off TimeStream events in the event of encountering an already "failed" or "invalid" payload.  It will also make state updates upon initializing a workflow execution.
    * ``api`` lambda: when queried for aggregate statistics, the lambada will call the stateDB to get execution summary counts based on query inputs.
    * ``update_state`` lambda: updates stateDB table after step function workflow execution termination, successful or not.

> Why Dynamo DB?

Author: committed

--------------

- serverless
- scalable

> - optimized for scalable read/write

Author: committed

While relational databases are optimized for understanding and exploring
relationships between data, NoSQL databases are often optimized for specific
requirements, in this case rapid read/write operations.  At no point does
cirrus state management necessitate complex relational queries, cirrus is only
reading or writing items to the state DB instead of exploring complex
relationships between between executions.

Additionally as a NoSQL database, Dynamo DB does not require a predefined
schema and permits diferent items to have different attributes while the rigid
schema of relational databases means there can be no variaton of the data
stored in a given table.  In fact each entry and its attributes in the cirrus
state DB is completely independant of other items in the state DB.

Managed Serverless Service
--------------------------

As a managed AWS service Dynamo DB handles provisoning and maintaining the
underlying storage and scaling infrastructure for your tables as your data
scales up or down.  This allows cirrus to focus on the business logic of state
management.  Additonally, Dynamo DB is optimized by AWS for rapid read/writes

> at any scale.

Author: Fair point.   I think I wanted to really illustrate the difference between what people who might commonly think of when they think "database", someone who hasn't worked with a NoSQL db before, vs what Cirrus is using.  Though I will concede it could be tightened up by removing some of the explanation of relational dbs.

> at any scale.

Author: Split it out in a shorter "What is DynamoDB?" section.  I think an explanation of what DynamoDB is is relevant as well as distinguishing what separates it from other databases.  I removed a bunch of the info about relational dbs and just focused on what dynamoDB IS.

* ``state_updated`` (*string*): Concatenated string of state + UTC of last updated
* ``updated`` (*string*): UTC time when the record was most recently updated

State DB and Cirrus CLI
-----------------------

Selected Cirrus CLI commands interact with the state DB.

The ``get-payloads`` command takes in query parameters to retrieve input payloads in bulk, returned as new line delimited JSON.

Input query parameters are used as filters against the state DB to retrieve
records matching certain criteria, like entires with a ``FAILED`` workflow
status that occured in the past week.  These returned state DB records are used
to retrieve input payloads from the S3 payload bucket which are returned to the
user.

One use for these returned bulk payloads is to pipe them into another
cirrus CLI command to rerun failed payloads, perhaps in the event of a third
party service failure that resulted in failed workflow executons.

More information about the ``get-payloads`` command can be found in the CLI
documentation

Deleting state DB items
-----------------------

> There is a ``delete_item`` method in the "StateDB" class that can be used to
> delete a given item based on using ``payload_id``.

Reviewer: Really only wanted to move the discouragement and warning to the beginning of this section.  But, I think `StateDB` gets double-back-quotes, right?   And I tried fixing up the tail end of the sentence, which gets confusing:

```suggestion
The deletion of records from the StateDB is strongly discouraged, and almost
certainly unnecessary.  For the unlikely case it is required, there is a 
``delete_item`` method of the ``StateDB`` class.  That can be used to delete 
a record, based on its ``payload_id``.
```
